docs: Update DataFusion introduction to clarify that DataFusion does provide an "out of the box" query engine (#12666)
apache/datafusion: README.md

</a>

DataFusion is an extensible query engine written in [Rust] that
uses [Apache Arrow] as its in-memory format.

> The DataFusion libraries in this repository are used to build data-centric system software. DataFusion also provides the 

Reviewer: What about something like:

"The DataFusion ecosystem provides a suite of libraries and binaries to meet the needs of data system developers and end users (data engineers / analysts / etc).  There are libraries in this repository for those looking for a custom experience as well as the below prepackaged projects which work out of the box and target end users".

I think it puts the prepackaged projects on the same level as the libraries (not libraries and then some prepackaged projects).

Reviewer 2: I think this sounds great. Thank you @matthewmturner 

In order to keep things moving, I would like to merge this PR as is (as it has been approved) -- would you be willing to make a follow on PR to propose adjusting the wording to your suggestion?

Reviewer: Sure will do

Reviewer 2: New PR is here: https://github.com/apache/datafusion/pull/12778

> The core DataFusion libraries in this repository are not designed to be an out-of-the-box tool for end users. However,
> the following subprojects offer packaged versions of DataFusion.

Reviewer 2: I think we can make this wording more concise (this is the main intro where we get eyeballs), perhaps like:

```suggestion
The DataFusion libraries in this repository are used to build data centric system software. Some subprojects offer packaged versions of DataFusion for end users.
```

- [DataFusion Python](https://github.com/apache/datafusion-python/) offers a Python interface for SQL and DataFrame
  queries.
- [DataFusion Ray](https://github.com/apache/datafusion-ray/) provides a distributed version of DataFusion that scales
  out on Ray clusters.
- [DataFusion Comet](https://github.com/apache/datafusion-comet/) is an accelerator for Apache Spark based on

>   DataFusion.

Author: Note that I intentionally did not include Ballista here since it is not very active. If the project does become active again then we could add it to this list.
